hey guys this is the I aqua reef your
and today I'm here with a giveaway and
it is a holiday mass giveaway now why is
it a holiday max giveaway because
there's going to be a bunch a bunch of
prizes not only there is going to be a
bunch of crisis but also because of the
fact that there are five other youtubers
who are participating to this mask you
way which are giving some great prizes
some you basically giving away powermax
one youtuber as well as giving you an
ipod touch 16 gig which is the biggest
price of this giveaway so right now on
the screen is going to be a screen
appearing and there's going to be five
annotations with five channels and those
five people are participating in this
giveaway and they eat have on the
channel a giveaway um that has drunk
that has to do with this one so
basically what you need to do is you
need to subscribe to all six of us so
all the links are in the description to
subscribe so that's the first role which
is really easy and the second rule you
need to comment on basically what you
want which I will tell you later when i
announced surprises so now we're going
to go to the prizes and see what we have
so the first price for this giveaway is
going to be um right over here next to
my tree is going to be the reflex
headphones with microphone i did a
review on them and they are from ifrogz
so if you want to go check out the
review and see if you want to go and for
those though this the link r is in the
description for new review so that is
the first plot price and reflects
headphones the second prize i'm going to
be giving away is the ipod touch 2g
silicon rocks in red right over here i
also did everything on this one so it's
going to be
in the description the third prize that
i'm giving away gonna see a picture
opinion right now it is the ipod sorry I
on the ipod with the iphone 3g and 3gs
silicone sleeve that's a third person
giving away and as well as the fourth
prize and other pictures going to appear
which is the nano wraps so it's just
like this one but it's for the fifth
generation the newest nano and all these
products are provided by ifrogz i'd like
to thank them um for sponsoring this
giveaway and i will also be giving my
way five promo codes mr. you're going to
see the name of the apps right there
those are going to be the 2 chronicles
that i'm giving away one is called clift
and another one is called it's z eh !
too so i don't know exactly what is that
application all about so that is for
that now how do you enter really really
easy if you want to go in for the if you
want to go in for the 2g silicon wraps
you're going to go right you're going to
go ahead and write x miss to g dash your
comments so x miss 2g dasha comment if
you want to enter for this one right
here let's place it right here and if
you want to enter for the UM reflex
headphones you're going to go ahead and
write x miss reflex dash your comment
xmas reflex your comments you're going
to put this one right on top of there
and if you want to go in for you the
iphone 3g and 3gs silicone wraps you're
going to go ahead and comment xmas 3g
dash your comments Exynos PG that your
comment and if you are going for the 5th
generation nano wraps you're going go
ahead and comment xmas now know so xmas
nano dash your comment so um you're
going to see all of them appearing
oh it should each comments like that you
can know and so that is my part of the
giveaway I hope you guys a happy
holidays and if the videos of the other
six did five channels are not uploaded
yet um just a wait it could take till
sunday for them to upload the video but
they should be uploaded by tonight the
latest so that's it for this gift way
again you must subscribe to all six of
us and you must comment um on whatever
you want the ways to comment are in the
description and last but not least i
hope you guys as i said have a happy
holidays Merry Christmas and this
giveaway will be ending on December 25th
so we're going to be announcing the
winners of this giveaway on Christmas so
I hope you guys have a great rest of day
and happy holidays peace